Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

	Because Donald only follow 45 users on twitter, whereas Gary follow more 
than 3K users. As they are all politician, if one follow much more users, it 
easy to have much more overlapped friends than others.
	We should make analysis of these overlapped friends. Classify them into 
different categories. Focus on internets or sports, which shows more about 
personality. Also, we should analyze tweet words. What they said show more 
about the real interest they have. 


2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

	Because they are candidates of president election 2016. Both of them want 
to work in the white house. 


3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

	I think it is because of the different personality of users.  It’s possible 
that Gray want to use twitter to connect with other people, and make it a real 
social network. However, Trump use this platform to announce his statement and 
show his opinion to the whole world.
	It will make our analysis not reflect the real result of them. For better 
results, I think we should analyze the words usage of their tweet.


4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

	As we want to all the accounts followed by each of the friends of Donald 
Trump. We have to make 45 requests.
	 15 calls every 15 minutes, and 180 calls every 15 minutes. According to it, 
we need around 45 Minutes to collect this data.
